Docs/tutorial small fixes (#768)
spatialos/UnrealGDK: SpatialGDK/Documentation/content/get-started/introduction.md

<%(TOC)%>
# Get started: Introduction

Get started with the SpatialOS GDK for Unreal by building the SpatialOS Unreal Engine Fork and setting up the GDK Starter Template which you can use as a base for your own project running on SpatialOS.

> After this, you can follow the Multiserver tutorial which shows you how to deploy a project to the cloud and demos a simple shooter game running across two servers or, if you have an existing Unreal multiplayer project, you can follow the porting guide to get it onto the GDK and running on SpatialOS.

Author: ```suggestion
After this, you can follow the Multiserver Shooter Tutorial which shows you how to deploy a project to the cloud and demos a simple shooter game running across two servers or, if you have an existing Unreal multiplayer project, you can follow the porting guide to get it onto the GDK and running on SpatialOS.
```

> After this, you can follow the Multiserver Shooter Tutorial which shows you how to deploy a project to the cloud and demos a simple shooter game running across two servers or, if you have an existing Unreal multiplayer project, you can follow the porting guide to get it onto the GDK and running on SpatialOS.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
After this you can either:<br>
* Follow the Multiserver Shooter Tutorial, which shows you how to deploy a project to the cloud and demonstrates a simple shooter game running across two servers.
* Or, if you have an existing Unreal multiplayer project, you can follow the porting guide to get your game running on  the SpatialOS GDK.
```

> After this, you can follow the Multiserver Shooter Tutorial which shows you how to deploy a project to the cloud and demos a simple shooter game running across two servers or, if you have an existing Unreal multiplayer project, you can follow the porting guide to get it onto the GDK and running on SpatialOS.

Reviewer 2: This is quite a long sentence - maybe split into two bullet points, as an either/or?

> After this, you can follow the Multiserver Shooter Tutorial which shows you how to deploy a project to the cloud and demos a simple shooter game running across two servers or, if you have an existing Unreal multiplayer project, you can follow the porting guide to get it onto the GDK and running on SpatialOS.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
After this, you can follow the Multiserver Shooter tutorial which shows you how to deploy a project to the cloud and demos a simple shooter game running across two servers or, if you have an existing Unreal multiplayer project, you can follow the porting guide to get it onto the GDK and running on SpatialOS.
```

#### Next: [Get the dependencies]({{urlRoot}}/content/get-started/dependencies.md)

<%(Callout type="warn" message="This is an [alpha](https://docs.improbable.io/reference/latest/shared/release-policy#maturity-stages) release of the SpatialOS GDK for Unreal, pending stability, performance and documentation improvements. The API may change as we learn from feedback  - see the guidance on [Recommended use]({{urlRoot}}/recommended-use).")%>

<br/>
------

> _2019-03-20 Page updated with editorial review_

Reviewer: <3

Author: :-)
